Add rem preferences (#54)
zeplin/zeplin-extension-documentation: model/styleguide.md

**Kind**: instance property of [<code>Styleguide</code>](#Styleguide)

<a name="Styleguide+remPreferences"></a>
### Styleguide.remPreferences : [<code>RemPreferences?</code>](remPreferences.md)

> Rem preferences of the styleguide. If the rem is disabled the value is `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rem preferences of the styleguide (web styleguides only). This property exists only if rem is enabled for the styleguide.
```
